A distant blinding reverie
Flashed before me in a see of scattering stardust
I never had a chance to touch you
The void in my heart is your fault
I want to live like this forever
Tell me of this contrivance of love
I want to continue believing the awakening light of the stars
I want to tell you about the "yes" and "no"-s I told you
This is my love strategy, and I know that I'm thinking too much about it,
But I can't wake up from this dream tonight
Whose dream is this illusion
Deep inside my heart? When I look at the little hypnotizing stars
Truth, lies and noise mix together in my eyes
I reach out for the light
It hurts so much how I want to be beside you forever
The contrivance of stars holds the words I've waited for
It is a one night romance, fueled by magic
This is the first time I'm feeling my head becoming this light
Being in an unreal world with no one else is so amazing I can do it now,
I want to meet you
Please, tell me, what are these painful thoughts
That I cannot express with words?
I want my dream to come true, I want to meet you, to hold you
I'll try reaching you one more time...
I want to continue believing the light of the stars
I want to tell you about the "yes" and "no"-s I told you
Being in an unreal world with no one else is so amazing I can do it now
I want to meet you